---
layout: essay
type: essay
title: The Unknown
# All dates must be YYYY-MM-DD format!
date: 2021-01-21
labels:
  - Healthcare
  - Engineering
  - Computer Science
---



## The Beginning

In high school I was unsure about what I wanted to do in the future, but I was interested in healthcare so I joined HOSA. I believed I was only interested in the health field because of my parents. Most Asian parents want their children to grow up and be able to live comfortably and money is the easiest way to get there. Therefore, Asian parents want their children to become doctors because they make the most money. At Kalani High School, we have a HOSA club, but to join the club, you have to also join the class that is also associated to the club. I decided to join the club to see what it was like. The teacher had a very interesting teaching style. There were no tests or exams for the class, but only projects. The projects all involved reaching out to the community and doing things like internships, teaching elementary students CPR, and doing mock interviews. The class was very interesting and I thoroughly enjoyed it, even though the teacher is quite difficult at times.

## University

Once I entered UH Manoa, I majored in Biochemistry. I had a hard time in the science classes and did not enjoy them that much. I decided to switch to Engineering because I enjoyed mathematics. Unfortunately, the math program was not what I hoped it would be. So I decided to switch to Computer Science.

## The Present.

After switching to Computer Science and taking ICS 111, I thoroughly enjoyed the class and decided to stick with it. Currently, I have no clue what I want to do in the future, whether it is software engineering, video game design, or cybersecurity. I am still exploring my options and hopefully I will find a field that I will enjoy and be able to live my life comfortably.
