---
layout: essay
type: essay
title: Thoughts on Javascript
# All dates must be YYYY-MM-DD format!
date: 2021-01-21
labels:
  - Computer Science
  - Java
  - Javascript
---

Before changing my major to Computer Science, I have only heard of Java, Python, and C. I did not know anything about them before joining ICS 111. I heard that once you learn one language, learning the other languages is not too difficult because they are somewhat similar. Between Java and JavaScript, the one thing I have noticed is the syntax. You have things like == and ===, you also don't have to end your lines with semicolons.

The work we have for this class so far is not too bad and the practice WODs are very interesting. The WODs make it so you have to know your stuff and be quick about it because you only have a limited amount of time to complete the assignment. I took Calculus 2 over the summer at KCC where the professor had us do quizzes every other day so I am quite used to this kind of testing. Although, it is quite stressful especially when your code is not working properly and you are running out of time. 

I believe the WODs will help us prep for future interviews where the recruiter will asks us to solve a problem in a short amount of time. I have not been able to complete a WOD yet, but I feel like I have been very close. I just need to study a little bit more and I will eventually will be able to solve it.

Overall, I think this course will help strengthen my ability to code in the future. I have also met some helpful people on the discord, especially during the WODs when I am struggling to solve the problem. In the end, I hope to acquire skills from this class that will be invaluable to my future occupation.

